[WAF] Clarify what is shown in Security Events (#8729)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waf/security-events/_index.md

*   **Top events by source**: Provides details of the traffic flagged or actioned by a Cloudflare security feature (for example, IP addresses, User Agents, Paths, Countries, Hosts, ASNs).
*   **Activity log**: Summarizes security events by date to show the action taken and the applied Cloudflare security product.

> Security Events displays information about requests actioned or flagged by Cloudflare security products, including features such as [Browser Integrity Check](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170086). Each incoming HTTP request might generate one or more security events. The Security Events dashboard only shows these events, not the HTTP requests themselves.

Reviewer: Do we need to update the link /support/firewall/settings/understanding-the-cloudflare-browser-integrity-check/ ?

Author: We can! I thought the page was about to move to a different place in a separate PR, but it is not.

Author: ```suggestion
Security Events displays information about requests actioned or flagged by Cloudflare security products, including features such as [Browser Integrity Check](/support/firewall/settings/understanding-the-cloudflare-browser-integrity-check/). Each incoming HTTP request might generate one or more security events. The Security Events dashboard only shows these events, not the HTTP requests themselves.
```
